[APM-135] Parallelism in non-unique index creation (#1052)
arangodb/docs: 3.10/indexing-index-basics.md

Building an index is always a write heavy operation (internally), it is always a good idea to build indexes
during times with less load.

> For Enterprise Edition, assigning non-unique indexes to documents has 
> parallelization, executing with the load split between up to 2 threads. The 
> number of threads is hardcoded to 2, and the threshold amount of documents 
> a thread will process before enqueuing the rest of the documents in the range 
> of document ids is hardcoded to 100000.
> The threshold of number of documents to start using 2 threads instead
> of 1 in non unique index creation is > 120000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Enterprise Edition, non-unique indexes can be created with multiple
threads in parallel. The number of parallel index creation threads is currently 
set to 2, but future versions of ArangoDB may increase this value.
Parallel index creation is only triggered for collections with at least 120,000
documents.
```
